[styles] Remove the old styles modules (#14767)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/getting-started/faq/faq.md

## Why aren't my components rendering correctly in production builds?

This is likely an n°1 issue that happens due to class name conflicts once your code is in a production bundle.
For Material-UI to work, the className values of all components on a page must be generated by a single instance of the [class name generator](/css-in-js/advanced/#class-names).

> 

Reviewer: "the `className` values"? (reinstate the backticks)

To correct this issue, all components on the page need to be initialized such that there is only ever **one class name generator** between them.

You could end up accidentally using two class name generators in a variety of scenarios:

- You accidentally **bundle** two versions of Material-UI. You might have a dependency not correctly setting Material-UI as a peer dependency.
- You are using `StylesProvider` for a **subset** of your React Tree.
- You are using a bundler and it is splitting code in a way results in multiple class name generator instances to be created.
> If you are using webpack with the [SplitChunksPlugin](https://webpack.js.org/plugins/split-chunks-plugin/), try configuring the [`runtimeChunk` setting under `optimizations`](https://webpack.js.org/configuration/optimization/#optimization-runtimechunk).

Overall, it's simple to recover from this problem by wrapping each Material-UI application with [`StylesProvider`](/css-in-js/api/#stylesprovider) components at the top of their component trees **and using a single class name generator shared between them**.

> ⚠️ You are in the hurry? Rest assured, we provide an option to make the class names **deterministic** as a quick escape hatch: [`dangerouslyUseGlobalCSS`](/css-in-js/advanced/#deterministic-class-names).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ If you are in a hurry, we provide an option to make the class names **deterministic** as a quick escape hatch: [`dangerouslyUseGlobalCSS`](/css-in-js/advanced/#deterministic-class-names).
```
